yo guys what's up so kind of the video
yesterday pretty much gonna just do a
bank update in a status update because
the last one I made it was a couple
months ago as you guys know back in
October is when I really started
streaming and doing it from scratch
series and I have not taken in donations
at all except four vials as you guys
know my Val collection is pretty damn
high now but i might stop taking vials
as on stream stuff when I do stream
because as you guys know yesterday on my
stream I basically told everybody in my
stream that the Truman's would be
calming down a lot I won't be doing 5-6
streamers a week maybe one if I'm lucky
one or two because at the moment i want
to focus on school little bit just to
get a head start on it you know just so
that i'm not getting a bad start and not
having to struggle the last few weeks to
get my grades up thing that sort of
stuff so yeah that's that but i figured
make you an update for you guys on my
bank um cash lack is pretty low five mil
sorry coffee said um so yeah that's
about five mil but again i don't really
need it higher I'm not doing much that
needs anything other than skilling if I
were to do if I weren't any more money
but at the moment so I'll fine um I
think I organized it again but you know
you know when you accidentally takes
something out and messes up your whole
Bank well I think I've done that a
couple times and that's why it looks
sort of messy but these are all three
clue items which I don't really do any
more because I'm gonna do Slayer that
much anymore which I probably should but
tabs s up again it's not a very
interesting bank but I sort of stopped
my cooking I bought a lot of lobsters
and swordfish right now swordfish mostly
the lobsters but I haven't really been
cooking at all but i probably could
start that soon to say if gang it while
I do some schoolwork this is where I got
some more money I have full captain's my
Cyrus or fury with a bunch of which of
barrows things
I Carol's top and bottom so I got I got
a crystal shield 24 mostly for decays
when I go there because I think it's
better you can have a crystal bow and a
crystal shield but I find it better to
have a room crossbow and Ruby and the
throw bolts I think it works out better
I'm just some farming stuff at the end
so somebody eyes were requesting me just
to do a quick Bank update and stats wise
I'm world 3 30 which is apparently like
a mini world one did not know
about that but 1586 total now I've gone
up seven farming levels and like a week
I could could have done that like two
three days but I just haven't really
been consistent with my three runs but
I'm two more trees except throw one more
one more pineapple plant I just to check
the health of and I'll have 60 so as you
guys know my goal was pretty much to get
60 l stats so all of that done and after
that I'll just need to do fire-making
hunter construction Andrew grafting and
then a thieving level which should be
proceeded gets and yeah so after that I
don't know what I'll do after that I'll
probably just be AF King do AFK skills
part of a wood cutting even though i'm
not a huge board cutting fan I don't
know just just to get XP so I'm not XP
voicing you know I want to do stuff that
doesn't require my full attention so
that I can mostly focus on schoolwork
and that sort of stuff a while like I
can look up every once in a while and
just you know click that you tree but
who knows maybe if I have a huge
collection of the you huge crush on of
like you logs your own or something and
with that I'll big enough bank and at
that time or by the time I get a decent
woodcutting level and I have a lot of
lawyers I can sell it and hopefully get
like an SGS which would be really nice
but yeah I not really interesting video
but I don't know about you guys but I'm
I'm not really sure if legacy mode is
coming out like I'm not sure what the
votes are at the moment but if it does
come out i'll definitely be trying it
out because the legit i would the one
reason i would play legacy mode its to
just do revs again because as he has no
revs or probably my favorite thing to do
revs and corporal beast if corp comes
back 207 then I'm definitely freaking
plane 07 all the time let's rev gate I
just loved I love doing r evidence I
love the chances of getting a drop and
that's
stuff I love making Lou videos I feel
like making good videos of revenants was
amazing just cuz it was so random the
drops and I did actually end up getting
like the best three drops I got a stat
warhammer I got a vlsi got a crop vlsi
got a ancient stat so III spent so much
time they're making so much money so if
legacy mode is decent then I'll
definitely play again just for that but
I know we're going to be playing again
if like I see what does come out my
friends and are going to go and do some
Peking and because that's fun because as
you guys know really refugeeing and
wilderness speaking in groups was like a
huge thing to do before previous before
EOC came out so there's some sirens
coming from me at the moment so I'm
scanning the video and hopefully not get
arrested and uh yeah thanks for watching
guys and I'll see you oh boo tomorrow or
something for the next video I'll be
making these a lot more now and quest
guides hopefully show began coming out
soon as well and yeah like I said I'm
going to be focused focusing a lot more
making YouTube videos as opposed to
streaming basically cuz it can fit my
schedule a lot better I can spend maybe
an hour making a video but as opposed to
streaming where I'd have to spend 3-4
hours on it so hopefully get active on
YouTube again and thanks for watching
everybody bye